README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# ubccv

<!-- badges: start -->

<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of ubccv is to allow you to use R Markdown to create and edit
your UBC Faculty CV without having to touch a word document.

<img src="man/figures/ubccv.png" width=600>

## Installation

You can install the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ttimbers/ubccv")
```

## Usage

1.  Inside RStudio, click on “Create a new R Markdown document”:

<img src="man/figures/create_rmd.png" width=500>

2.  Next, select “ubc-cv-teaching-stream” from the “From Template” menu:

<img src="man/figures/template.png" width=500>

3.  Edit the document to add text, and add data to the 7 `.csv` files to
    fill in the tables.

4.  Click the “knit” button to render to Word\! 😂

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the ubccv project is released with a [Contributor Code
of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Note that missing values in tables cause errors

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# ubccv

<!-- badges: start -->

<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of ubccv is to allow you to use R Markdown to create and edit
your UBC Faculty CV without having to touch a word document.

<img src="man/figures/ubccv.png" width=600>

## Installation

You can install the development version from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ttimbers/ubccv")
```

## Usage

Note missing/blank values in the tables will cause errors.
You need to input values such as `N/A` or `0` instead.

1.  Inside RStudio, click on “Create a new R Markdown document”:

<img src="man/figures/create_rmd.png" width=500>

2.  Next, select “ubc-cv-teaching-stream” from the “From Template” menu:

<img src="man/figures/template.png" width=500>

3.  Edit the document to add text, and add data to the 7 `.csv` files to
    fill in the tables.

4.  Click the “knit” button to render to Word\! 😂

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the ubccv project is released with a [Contributor Code
of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
